okay I think we're
live I'm back a bit later than
expected I don't know I'm just exhausted
today I think we're going to see if we
can get a few cool things done
though let's see who's yelling at me on
the Discord for Stuff being
broken no apps
okay looks like uh
oh doesn't say run every
time based on L system
cool um is the stream
working it's not giving me my online
notifications
and my camera just
died is
lovely let me just check X to make sure
I'm actually live and then we will uh
we'll start on some
stuff yeah we're live okay so I'm still
a little conflicted about this
whole Neptune thing
cuz I honestly think that it's
better but it doesn't have
sweeps so that means I have to add code
to puffer to make sweeps work but WB
sweeps kind of suck so that's not that
bad but everybody's already on wandb and
a third of our users say that they don't
want to migrate off really for any
reason so I don't know what to do about
that
and I really don't want to have to do
uh the wandb
downloads wb's API just sucks for
downloading
data I got to make a decision here
it's just kind of silly you
know let me go look at Neptune's
restrictions let me go look at their
thing cuz there were some licensing
things I have to look at as
well okay so
yeah yeah yeah where
is where's their
pricing up to three
users one workspace one this is fine
though can you have a com
so the thing is I can but
like this is puffer AI this is not
Google right and like having that having
both means I have to have extra code in
user space for
both
um which is really
obnoxious
like how long have these guys been
around around
tune uh founding date are these guys
going to be in
business
2017 actually let's not trust
Google uh
perplexity I really should start using F
do
more uh market cap w b ver Neptune
AI how much
bigger they raised 8 mil so this is a
very
smaller this is so
obnoxious what do you do
when your users are on the big shitty
platform that's literally gotten worse
over
time that everybody has bad things to
say
about even the people that were
previously
happy but there's a smaller thing that's
doing pretty much what you need
better
ah the thing I'm worried about okay so
the thing that I'm worried about here
let's say that I do it right and I just
move stuff to Neptune it's super easy uh
I do that today I can't merge that into
the main branch right I can't merge like
new experimental Neptune whatever stuff
into the main branch so then I've
already like a week into Dev I've
started like a long-term Dev branch
I
mean supporting both is definitely
wrong supporting both is definitely
definitely wrong right so what what do I
have to do if I really wanted to support
want B I have to write like an obnoxious
threaded data loader from sweeps
right is that
it I think that's it I think I just have
to
write an obnoxious threaded like data
downloader for sweeps
so keep want to
be have simpler sweeps experience but
slower
they literally priced uh to
match they have a better base thing on
it but
that doesn't matter that
much personal and commercial
use bunch of companies using it that
I've never heard
of I guess Samsung as
well and insta deep
great can you put a server in the middle
to save all the data points to a
database
can you yes is it like a smart thing to
do when you're trying to have like
really simple and fast infra not
really what's this
it's tough CU I don't even have a gut
feeling on this it's like pretty damn
evenly spit
split because like on one
hand going I have like a very strong
bias against going with the trendy new
thing but on the other hand I have a
really strong bias against going with
the slow clunky
thing e
I bet you that Neptune will change their
free to from three to
five cuz they seem just to be wanting to
match each
other that doesn't even matter that much
though um
how much code would this
involve that's another way of thinking
about it so
basically if we're going to have
carbs that's its own like sampler
anyways and the integration with wanb
sweeps is incredibly
janky so I think it's about the same
amount of code with Neptune if not
less now
with with random sweeps which we're
still going to want to
do we have to write our own
sampler which I did and it was like 20
lines of
code not that bad
you just add like D- sweep random D-
sweep carbs
I just don't want to do this if I am
going to end up having to migrate it
back how does WB API
work SQL light and just keep it on I
don't want to just do on Prem people
want Integrations with a web viewer and
I don't want to build a web viewer I'll
build like a little like blog thing
right like this is fine I can do this
for like sharing stuff but I don't want
to build whole like manager and viewer
and
thing so people are going to want the
web UI so it's basically it comes down
to how important is
the familiarity of w
be versus the
analysis okay here's another way of
looking at this how important do I think
I'm that the off one be like script
based analysis is going to
be that seems pretty damn important to
me right being able to do large
scale analysis
over tens to hundreds of thousand
thousands of
experiments which is what we're going to
have if you look at it from that
perspective if you're building for that
wvi
sucks because they don't have a query
API they have like their own bespoke
thing let me make sure that's
true
runs hold on a
second runs
let me just make sure that I'm actually
right about their API missing this you
already have w b the the
challenge it's not that easy Tim so the
integration either way is pretty trivial
it's not that hard to use one platform
versus the other uh the issue is that I
got to make sure of this this looks like
maybe there something Neptune makes it
incredibly easy to just download all
your data into a pandas table um um let
me see if this actually works here this
is
histories let me just check something
cuz if they have it then it's
like another
story yeah no they're
idiots look at
that it starts trying to do a query for
every
run um it starts trying to do a query
for literally every can I get the light
to work in this so my camera is not in
the dark
my band light doesn't work anymore
that's lovely
um I don't know how they can possibly
have screwed this up so
badly it's kind of
impressive they do a query for every
single run
is this faster
nope they still
query and based on my interactions with
them I don't expect them to fix this at
all I think I start trying this because
it's like
that's just way too obnoxious to
tolerate not having a good way to just
get your data is so
obnoxious if I write a threaded loader
I'm sure I'm going to get rate limited
as well trying to download 100,000
trials yeah that's just so stupid
that's kind of nice they have a JS
API I wonder if uh does nepton have a JS
API probably not that doesn't really
matter too
much that's not a big deal though CU I
don't really like their plots anyways
um for Vi API this is yeah this is just
better active Dev
I mean to be fair I could just do it for
now and then uh I could always migrate
back or
dropping wand be is like such a screw
you
though can I add both
somehow I could temporarily add
both just to see
I'm getting stuck doing it like just
getting stuck on this
I think I do need to actually
unfortunately I think the correct answer
is actually the support both which
really
sucks can I this
somehow I can probably mitigate this if
I don't
um if I don't do carbs through W be
sweeps or if I don't use WB sweeps
API probably yeah I can probably make it
look pretty similar and support it
without too much code Edition
I guess I just got to
start it's tough to express how
irritating this type of a thing is
but I mean like labs are like
essentially labs are going to want to
just run the damn sweeps in the Wy
UI but for us internally we just have
too many
experiments for that to be
sensible
yeah
okay let's uh let's figure this out
so
for e
let's do it the stupid way for now
and this API call is totally
wrong for
yeah I think this does
it try
this for
now okay that's all I want to be
did I remove my Neptune like sample code
damn
it yeah damn
it it's okay me get it
back e
it's very very rare for me to want to
have to support two things like
this I wonder if we can do some logging
of some sort to see how many people use
one verse the other over time
ala didn't
it I might even have code saved
somewhere
but
no name
okay e
oh am I an
idiot I'm in the wrong f
I literally have all this [__] right
here yeah
okay uh let me hold on yeah perfect I
actually have this convert hyper
pram okay let's
um
yeah let's see what I have intact here
so we have
tag one be
group yes so this is still
I don't know why
dude my whole freaking UI for stream is
messed up
today rain gotten unexpected
okay
cool so now we've got ablations and if I
click this
button
tags there we go
is not present for this
run
CHS rain
config try this
now oh oh my gosh I have totally screwed
up oops let me I just realized I've
totally screwed
up oh nope
luckily luckily for
me uh I didn't get a confirmation man
all right
cool R is
averted missing meetings is very
stupid I know I got just like so so
exhausted after uh like midday
today uh going to stopped working but we
locked
out okay so step M must be
that's
fine I'm feeling better now let's make
this work
error step must
be interesting
x
coordinate let's see what happened
here not leak emails thank you
okay so there's some bugs but this does
work and this is what you would expect
so here are all of your
charts field not present for this
run train learning rate environment
score see
that let's move this so this is not
covered
by
camera I may as well just turn the green
screen off at the moment because it's
like not working
it's not that dark in my room but for
whatever reason the light just doesn't
work with this
camera okay
um what we would like to do
what we have we've got
uniform log uniform values in uniform
and log normal
that looks
good let's do
that there now we can see what's going
on for
I we leave it as a wall Loop for now why
not sweep Neptune and then we have sweep
carbs or sweep
WABE
for e
I wonder if I can make this almost like
almost
identical by just not going through
their
sweeps uh just not going through their
sweeps I probably can
right isn't it literally the same thing
I think it
is maybe let's try that so not going
through WB sweeps but still using still
keeping onei
support for
this can go into clean puff RL I
guess e
try
this and then
literally
for e
we can probably get something like this
to
work and then carbs will get
um carb should get
simpler carbs integration will still
take a little bit of work but I think we
can do it simply enough
yeah
e e
oops there goes the
camera the
camera I just want to see if we can get
like a working prototype of
this log normal
uh so this is wrong right like how's
this get sampled
log of
x is normally
distributed how do I sample from this
let me say log of x
is normally
distributed I I think it's X but I I
honestly don't know
yeah it
is
X yeah it's just it's literally just X
it's literally just this without the
log
yeah okay
okay so this appears to
run and do I get a
log I do have a log
here you can see right here I'm actually
I'm getting
data
right train time
yeah there you
go that's got everything on
it and
then if I do the same exact thing but I
do D-
WB unexpected
none
let's just do
this so now I should have on W B I
should have my own run
here okay and I did
so
basically I have jointly supported both
of
these uh there will be some stuff to fix
but the only thing I cut out is the WB
sweeps UI or the sweeps API which sucked
anyways
so I could probably make a carbs wrapper
that just works with both of these and
then then we'll be able to cut out this
massive block of
code how long does this make our demo
file okay let's just put this down with
sweep carbs because I think that we're
going to be able to get rid of this so
let me see how many lines this is cut
310 lines out of a five okay so this
will be like a 200 line demo file if I'm
able to do this that has support for
both of these
perfect yeah this will be perfect
yeah that's not that bad
okay next
up is it carbs
next I guess it kind of is carbs isn't
it it's not that
bad I
think for
yeah so the way that we're going to do
this now is going to be way way way
simpler
um to start with we can just do
okay so this gives you sweep or
whatever
e
e e
maybe this just
works something like this
right and then you just get rid of all
this
and the only thing you need still
is is
this
for e
what if it's something that's literally
this simple
right e
Barb sweep and
utils e
do we even need this rapper now
h
I think we'll need we'll need uh we'll
need two
versions n type no attribute sweep
ID well yeah cuz this is now made this
is made for the wrong thing now right I
I camera just keep getting darker that's
like
nuts it's like perfectly bright in this
room hang
on I even do anything
I guess I got to get a ring
light this ridiculous
so this doesn't need any of this mess
does it
he config
I think I'm better off using the
original
there's too much in
here we're going to keep a lot of it
though
okay let's do
this
for
e e
okay so now we have
this and what do we need to add to
this it's literally
just suggest
serve e
output it's going to
be
cost just scor and cost
okay so this now works I think see if
this does add
anything
e e
metric doesn't
matter
e
e e
what the hell why can I
not
false values
name e
I thought this was
right men Max and base
linear log real
number
logic for
base over
scale how would I specify these before
well no it's just
moo I don't understand what this space
is
want something that I will like that I
can test for now
required
e e
I'm missing search Center
ah
for
e
e e
I'm just trying to get something to run
so I can test it
is
for e
I think this has to be flat doesn't it
why is my camera completely
dark stupid
thing is it just dead like or is the
exposure just completely screwed
okay it's just the camera is dying and
somehow I don't know
um yeah now it
works turn remember how we do this with
uh with carbs
yeah okay so you do stuff to make these
PMS so I have some work to do on this um
basically I just have to like get the
parameters into the format that carbs
wants and then get you your suggestions
from carbs back in the format that uh
the trainer wants and then everything
should be good from there and in fact I
should even be able to make things a
little bit simpler uh than before as
well maintaining a reasonable
compatibility with everything I think I
figured it out it's just going to take a
little bit of
work um I got to go get
dinner I'm just going to keep on this
over the next few days I guess I got a
bunch of other things to do but this is
pretty important um it's basically as
soon as I get like a prototype of this
repository up and running I should be
able to like start launching tons and
tons of
experiments so that would be nice and
that gives me lots of data for
analysis
um probably like start on the first
10,000 or so Neptune experiments and
we'll tweak from
there yeah there really this is not that
bad I just need to like lock in and do
this thing properly um I'm going to get
dinner stream is completely a mess I've
got to reboot this Jank machine but uh
for anyone watching if you want to see
more RL Dev um progress will get start
getting exciting pretty soon in the next
couple of days here there's discord.gg
puffer lots of helpful people on there
if you're looking to build environments
looking to get involved you can just
keep watching these streams they're on X
YouTube and twitch I stream the majority
of my Dev at the least and uh also St
the repository on GitHub that helps us
out a ton be awesome to hit 1500 Stars
by the end of the year other than that
thanks and I will be back probably
tomorrow